Hello and welcome.
Today we are very fortunate to have
Professor Caroline Wang to speak
to us today about effective and
persuasive business speaking.
Good afternoon, Professor.
Thank you for taking the time
to talk to us students today.
I'd like to start off with a question.
What are the measures of success
to being an effective and
persuasive business speaker?
>> Okay, thank you.
It's a very important question.
Unless we know what the measure of
success are, it's hard to improve.
So, I would divide into two
parts to answer that question.
To me, effective and
good business communication,
we must learn to focus on two
parts to continue to improve.
The first part is content, and
the second part is delivery.
So in terms of content,
I will use two adjective to describe
a really good, effective and
persuasive business communication that
is substantial and consequential.
Substantial means that
there must be substance,
because without substance we
don't really need to communicate.
So there must be substance,
but the substance always need
to be delivered in a way that
is credible to the audience.
That means we have to substantiate any
claims that we make in the business
communication.
For example if we say that
this product is wonderful
because it can do the following things.
Then we have to have evidence
to support the claim.
Or if we say the sales leader
tell the sales team that we
are going to achieve
200% of target this year.
Then, that claim must be
substantiated with evidence.
For example,
we have better product, or we have larger
territories, to cover, and so forth.
Otherwise, the content is not credible.
So the first part, the content,
must be substantial.
The second part about
content is consequential.
That means if we want
the audience to do something
that the end of our communication
then we must deliver a consequential
communication versus
an inconsequential communication.
That means they won't
do anything at the end.
Even they like the speech,
but no action will be taken.
That would be inconsequential.
So consequential must be delivered in
a way that we will show the audience
the consequences of taking the action or
not taking the action.
A very simple example would be
we could say attitude is so
important, which is easily understandable.
However it's more consequential if
we say attitude determines altitude.
That means good attitude will
bring us higher in our life.
And when we have a bad attitude,
it bring us down.
So that is more consequential than
just saying something is important.
If we can say something is important
because it brings certain consequences.
So that's what I call consequential.
So I think a good,
effective business communication,
the content must be substantial,
and consequential.
Now it comes to the delivery.
That it should be efficient and
effective, because everyone's busy.
The speaker is busy,
the audience are busy, and
therefore we should not
waste people's time.
Get to the point efficiently,
use the least amount of time, and
least number of iteration to achieve
the business communication objective.
However, there are times the content of
our communication may trigger doubts,
controversy, or even negative emotion
in the audience heart or mind.
Then instead of delivering the message so
efficiently, get to the point quickly,
we must really consider
the effect our communication will
create in the audience mind.
And be willing to spend more times, and
even though it may sound inefficient
to spend more time to take the audience
through the process, then we’re led to
the outcome that we want to achieve.
So that we create a better effect,
and for better acceptance.
For example if we're announcing a company
restructuring, instead of delivering
that outcome efficiently, say I'm here
to announce a company restructure.
I need to take some time to explain
the process that led to the outcome,
so that the audience are more
mentally prepared and
they understand the process better, and
they can receive the outcome better.
So I would say the delivery must
be both efficient and effective.
So in summary, a persuasive and
effective business communication
needs to take care of both the content and
the delivery.
And content should be substantial and
consequential, and
delivery needs to be efficient and
effective.
>> Okay, thank you very much, Professor.
I have another question,
how do we improve?
How do we become better?
>> Okay, that's very important.
Well, the improvement always
starts with our mind,
not start with when we open our mouth.
In fact, when we open our mouth,
it's a little too late.
So, if we cannot think clearly in our own
mind, we can never deliver it clearly.
So it start with our mind.
Then how do we prepare,
is that start with our mind and
answer three question in the shoes, or
in the perspective, of the audience.
That is, what do I want the audience
to do after this communication?
And then I can prepare, what should I say,
so that they remember what to do.
And also they feel motivated to do it.
So in order to be better,
always start with our own mind.
Think clearly the answer to
the following three questions.
Which is what do I want the audience
to remember, feel and do.
And once we can think clearly in our mind
then we can do a good preparation and
then we can do a good delivery.
>> Thank you very much, Professor,
for taking the time again.
I'm sure our students will find your
comments very helpful, very useful.
>> Takes a lot of practices.
>> Yes.
>> [LAUGH] Sound simple but
not necessarily easy.
>> Definitely.
>> Okay so best wishes for continuous
improvement through lots of practices.